This is a tutorial code that is gathered from https://ruslanspivak.com/lsbasi-part1/
The interpretered language is resembled from PASCAL programming language. 

Part 1 starts with basic calculator interpreter which named as calculator.py

As the writer wanted.

"I, Cem S., of being sound mind and body, do hereby pledge to commit studying interpreters and compilers
starting today and get to a point where I know 100% how they work"
Date: 09.03.2021

Check your understanding

1-1)What is an interpreter? -Interpreters are computer programs that directly executes instructions in the source code without changing source code into machine language.
1-2)What is a compiler? -A compiler is a computer program that transtlates a code from one language to another language. Generally used to translate high-level language, a source code, to low-level language ,a machine code or assembly code) to create an executable program. 
1-3)What’s the difference between an interpreter and a compiler? -Basically interpreter do not necessarly convert source code to a binary code. Rather it executes from the language it is based.
1-4)What is a token? Tokens are the smallest bits that can be used. 
1-5)What is the name of the process that breaks input apart into tokens? Tokenization.
1-6)What is the part of the interpreter that does lexical analysis called?
1-7)What are the other common names for that part of an interpreter or a compiler?

Part 2 is about making the calculator better, adding minus and neglecting whitespaces.
Check your understanding.

2-1)What is a lexeme? -A lexeme is a sequence of characters that happen to be token.
2-2)What is the name of the process that finds the structure in the stream of tokens, 
or put differently, what is the name of the process that recognizes a certain phrase in that 
stream of tokens? - Parsing.
2-3)What is the name of the part of the interpreter (compiler) that does parsing? -Parser.

Part 3

Check your understanding.

3-1)What is a syntax diagram? -A syntax diagram is a graphical representation of the 
syntax rules of that programming language. These diagrams help with writing the parser.
3-2)What is syntax analysis? - Also called parsing, which is process of recognizing a phrase in the stream
of tokens. 
3-3)What is a syntax analyzer? -Called parser.

Part 4
"I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand" -Confucius.

Check your understanding
4-1)What is a context-free grammar (grammar)? -A context free grammar is rules of a grammar.
4-2)How many rules / productions does the grammar have? -At least one rule needs to be in the grammar, but it would not be a comprehensive grammar.
4-3)What is a terminal? -Terminals are the things that cannot be changed by rules. They are terminal.
4-4)What is a non-terminal? -Non-terminals are the things that can be replaced into with other rules. 
4-5)What is a head of a rule? 
4-6)What is a body of the rule? 
4-7)What is the start symbol of a grammar?

Part 5

Check your understanding.

5-1)What does it mean for an operator to be left-associative? -If we have three terminals and two operators, left-association would start from the operation on the left.
5-2)Are operators + and - left-associative or right-associative? What about * and / ? -Both are in left associativity.
5-3)Does operator + have higher precedence than operator * ? -In math multiplication has higher precedence than addition. 

Part 6
Part 7